# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2024-11-12, 9:30 AM
**Note Taker:** Limitless, Claude (Summarization)
## Attendees
People who attended: Jason, Sarah, Owen, Alex, Sahib
## Agenda Items
1. Project status updates
2. Reviewing requirements for proof-of-concept presentation
3. Planning for presentation video
4. Collaborating on PowerPoint slides
## Discussion Items
### Project Status Updates
* Jason will set up an S3 bucket
* Sarah got the VM running and the script compiling, but couldn't get it running yet
* Owen still needs to work on the database and connecting to the backend
* Group has a meeting with NPX Innovation on Thursday
### Proof-of-Concept Presentation Requirements
* Presentation due on November 20th
* Need to demonstrate working code implementing P0 features from the SRS
* 30% of grade is for the presentation
### Presentation Video Planning
* Video should be 2 minutes or less
* Sarah will record the demo portion
* Group will screen record a virtual presentation tomorrow to capture the slides
### PowerPoint Slide Collaboration
* Jason found a good template for the slides
* Group discussed content and layout of the slides
* Decided to keep slides concise and focus on key information
## Action Items
* **Sarah**: Record demo video of working code
* **Group**: Screen record virtual presentation tomorrow
* **Anyone**: Finalize PowerPoint slides and ensure alignment with presentation requirements
